As identified previously, the primary parties interested in
this platform would be students and novice investors. However,
due to the popularity of related platforms, it is not
unrealistic that a future incarnation of this application 
could be marketed actively towards target groups. For instance,
students would be promoted to this service to host various
competitions; introductory texts on finance could also place
references here. To that end, it behooves us to cater to those
primary demographics.

At the same time, gaining a sufficient user base would also
open the possibility of discreetly placed advertisements 
throughout the application. Therefore, we can consider 
marketing agents to be stakeholders as well, with the caveat
that the site will not initially be designed with commercial
product placement in mind. Our decision reflects a popular 
business model for firms today, in which an easily monetizable
application does not compromise its rollout with commercials
which can easily be implemented later. Yet another reason is 
the consideration of the various business expenses associated 
with a commercial rollout -- notably the licenses and fees
associated with having a commercial (as opposed to free)
service.